friends 26 record.com.mx how are you doing
has the soponcio I just finished my
very great training session here
this sweat in the wrinkles and in the pelona
it's not a matter of false and true
the dance is falling the sky to pieces
here is the primary exercise of
our exercise I need could be
here some colorful dumbbells or like
lady who goes to the gym first is
the only thing that is missing to complement my
fantastic work today I'm
sweating up from the very crisis
but good also that currently of the
Mexican team after the
Euphoria gets low after the part
of furibundas it begins to dilute me the
Particularly I feel extremely happy
I feel well represented I felt
yesterday very well represented by the
Mexican soccer players a dashing team
that he never put pretexts that never
got into brawls
he was wrong the referee does not matter
they encouraged me with kicks I will fall to
kicks did not matter the rain either
does not matter the humidity the equipment
Mexican was permanently for
go ahead with a clear idea with a
audacity a courage a courage is I have
the ball the circle well what else
it's amazing he's more cock than me
almost the same kilometers enlarging if
well this is true
Operation against Cameroon does not change
the status of the next brazil party is
the favorite is not large but is favorite
as such you have to assume it does not happen
absolutely nothing Mexico I think that
they have the arguments to fight for
steal the life of the Brazilian team that
will not give anything will close ranks
to get kicks is not going to fight for the
initiative will permanently leave
coming to the Mexican team is going to be a
duel extremely nice but the
reality be told is not what we are
merit this fantastic triumph I insist
me with this sweat and yesterday
throwing some vats and others reflected
I insist in the morning I felt
extremely proud and well represented
for these Mexican soccer players who do not
has a real chair in all
Emotional intellectual sports senses
and category congratulations to them
I send kisses street tomás that is has not
nothing to do with me my brother like
forge goodbye
two